hey guys welcome to my hundredth video
which is quite something
I heard which if I made that special in
the intro for today we should be looking
at something I was hoping we'll get
requested and I think it really did gasp
quite a lot of lights and that is the
Millennium Vulcan probably the most
iconic ship out there so on the outside
as you can see it's nice detailing most
with stickers that's the way they rolled
back then slightly yellow slowly does
cuz I used to play with it so much so
yeah it's got a rotating gone on top so
the dish is also removable very dull
steam is movable and it has four buttons
just here I think there yeah right there
each one has a different sound some come
with light version do
so that's that not entirely sure that is
so if anybody knows let me know because
I don't
and then finally sauce on the bottom so
very awesome but I'm not a lot else
going on outside this is however half
landing gift push in and there's this
one here which is basically a handle for
you they all push in unlike the new one
we just have to take the legs off which
i think is really crap yeah yeah yeah
then you figures can climb up there well
they could do forcing the figures
nowadays are made a bit bigger than what
they used to be so doesn't quite feel
that well so now I'm going to put this
down and we shall show you the inside I
forget some fingers to show you how it
all sits inside so be back in a nice so
welcome back I've got it all set up now
and as the bottom and the first bit yeah
han Solo now I would have stuck to
backer in there but unfortunately due to
the sizes I am having out the car
actually fit in there with him it's not
enough space cuz the is blocked by a
little piece of plastic down there so
there's that and see the come the
console isn't like greatly detailed but
it isn't too bad is the that goes on top
see it's just kept humble this little
plug here and this little bit at the
back which clicks into that the next bit
came with this panel just simply pulls
off
inside this bits greatly detailed I've
always thought some sort of kid see what
that's where you walk to get to hands a
little bit but got all this I'll take
the figures out in a minute and I'll
show you all the rest so as you can see
they're all linear they all have little
peg holes and that this is actually the
bit where you put all your figures in to
hide but like I said I lost that bit I'm
the chair back there so unfortunate but
yeah I've still got the right little
chess table thing that's quite cool as
you can see these two great big bits
here stick out which is where the London
gift folds into but not too big an issue
as that I should take the fingers out
now well show you the back now like I
said the legs on these are a bit weak so
it's like go horribly wrong and squeak
and whatnot for apologies well I think
that's an escape and there's a little
bit of plastic of a little tip a little
bit of plastic that basically makes that
clacking noise there's actually a planet
next to it is super stardestroyer that's
really cool
nice they added that in after so to do
this ship on the end into the backyard
stickers as well everything back then
with stickers there was nothing else but
stickers so yeah a really awesome ship
I'm glad I got this as a kid I mean the
new version looks cool but this is
always going to be the original so yeah
it seems to be fairly sturdy at the
moment which is a surprise I thought it
would collapse that's actually where the
batteries go in there it took me ages to
work out to it was actually a little tab
here that you basically pull it and it
moves out
so yeah that is review guys I hope you
thoroughly enjoyed this because ice dish
because this is all part of my childhood
this is back in the days
sir one last look at it I hope you
enjoyed that video guys definitely if
you find it on eBay or out which I think
there's plenty of now definitely pick it
up because you'll regret not oh yeah
there it is take your leave it and I
shall see you all in a couple of weeks
time because I'm going on holiday notice
guys on the mantel notice that I've
forgot to show you the actual landing
gear put away and I don't want to miss
anything of this because oh so yeah
really thought high-pitched squeak
because it is old this one get to put
away like so as you can see it's fairly
flat become very tall over there nicely
nicely done
I'll show you alongside the original a
tree like so light showing up oops see
that it's actually quite a lot smaller
than that it's almost in scale and then
I'll show you a long slide the new
x-wing just give me a sec so as you can
see the x-wing is no longer in scale
with the Millennium Falcon all its well
out scale so as you can see it's uh yeah
this is still a little bit bigger but
only just
ok I hope you enjoyed that review guys
like I said I am on holiday next week so
there won't be a new videos Paul this
Friday should be my brother if all goes
well he's usually busy in it yeah anyway
we should do it and then there should be
a week without me with you good so you
guys enjoyed my 100th video and actual
later